well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
the freedom of speech the First
Amendment the President of the United
States and Twitter if you don't know
Twitter has had issue with less than
reliable less than accurate information
being spread on its platform as part of
its campaign to exercise a little bit of
social responsibility it has begun
fact-checking
popular tweets yeah so one of the
president's tweets was fact check and he
is Bigley math he took to Twitter the
platform he believes he's censored on to
tell everybody that he's censored on the
platform so everybody can read it on the
platform shortly after he was fact
checked in almost real-time but that was
that was fast
he says Twitter is now interfering in
the 2020 presidential election they are
saying my statement on melon ballots
which will lead to massive massive
corruption and fraud is incorrect
based on fact-checking by fake news CNN
and the Amazon Washington Post he goes
on in another tweet Twitter is
completely stifling free speech all caps
and I as president as president remember
that will not allow it to happen
that's hilarious that's I mean this is
one of the funniest thing that's ever
happened on Twitter it's also one of the
most embarrassing things that's ever
come out of the White House first a
primer on the First Amendment which is
what enshrined free speech in the United
States it's there to protect the people
private entities from the government
guess which one you are mr. president
you you really don't have a free speech
like on the same level as everybody else
especially once you started using your
Twitter
as a method of government communication
as you do when you say Twitter is
completely cycling free speech and I as
president will not allow it to happen
yeah you will you will allow it to
happen because you don't have a choice
you don't have a choice you are the
government entity you can't censor
somebody you can't stop them they were
nice enough to give you a platform
they're worried about misinformation so
you make your tweet
they don't censor it and they add a fact
check that's their free speech you as a
government entity cannot stop that
that's a violation of the First
Amendment it is embarrassing it is
appalling it is pathetic that the
President of the United States does not
understand one of the most cited parts
of the US Constitution a document that
he swore an oath this important offend
he's clearly never read it I personally
think that all politicians should be
fact check on that checked on their
statements it would make it a whole lot
harder for them to dupe their voters you
know dupa min to believing that you'll
make America great that you understand
what this country is about because you
clearly don't Twitter is not stifling
free speech they are exercising social
responsibility and providing additional
speech they didn't censor you and even
if they did they could they don't owe
you anything you however a public
servant do owe them something anyway
it's just a fault
Yala y'all have a good night